what is include<stdio.h>? 
Means it will include the header file before compiling the code. " include" gives command to include something. "stdio" stands for "standard input output". As it is a header file so .h extension is there. It contains some standard functions related to input and output such as "printf", "scanf"..
why we need  THIS sign<>btween stdio.h

standard input out .h what is .h 
standard input/output header WHERE .H

WHAT IS stdio.h
(<stdio.h>) in the program. This header contains
information used by the compiler when compiling calls to standard input/output library
FUNCTIONS

why is this # written not any other sign 
It is used to distinguish lines which need preprocessing before actual compilation begins. it replaces that line with all the text inside 'stdio.h'. it replaces all instances of ADD with definition of ADD. So # is used by C compiler to know which lines need preprocessing.

int main means 
 The form you're using: int main() is an old style declaration that indicates main takes an unspecified number of arguments.
 
is #include<stdio.h> is  a function or what

what is program
A computer program is a collection of instructions for performing a specific task that is designed to solve a specific class of problems.

what is int 
The keyword int to the left of main indicates that main “returns” an
integer (whole number) value.

why dont't we leave the space between the include and stdio.h

whats main USED FOR 
/* function main begins program execution */

main is a program
building block called a function

besides main what can we use

why this ()sign is uesd in between

why cant we write the flower bracket in the begining
 flower bract is mandatory or any another can be used 
 
 what is print F
 
 what is f in print f
 
WHAT IS INT

WHAT IS MAIN 
In C, the "main" function is treated the same as every function, it has a return type (and in some cases accepts inputs via parameters). The only difference is that the main function is "called" by the operating system when the user runs the program.

WHY THE () IS USED IN FRONT OF THE MAIN

WHAT IS  FLOWER BREACKET  
A left brace, {, begins the body of every function

OTHER THEN THE FLOWER BRACKET WHAT CAN BE USED 

AFTER THE FLOWER BRACKET WHY CANY'T WE WRITE IMMEDIATETLY

WHY  IS THE PRINT F  
This message is called a prompt because it tells the user to take a
specific action.
printf causes the computer to perform an action. As any program
executes, it performs a variety of actions and makes decisions.

WHAT MEANS THE F IN PRINTF
The f in printf stands for formatting. The printf function in C means print formatted output.

WHY WE WRITE THE STATEMENT IN THE CLOSED BRACKET() 

WHAT DOES THIS DO""
The characters normally
print exactly as they appear between the double quotes in the printf statement

WHY WE WRITE SEMICOLON ; AFTER EVERY STATEMEN

WHY WE NEED TO WITE RETURN 0 
return 0; /* indicate that program ended successfully */

WHY CAN'T WE WRITE THE OTHER DIGIT

WHY WE NEED TO PUT RETURN 0 F WE USE INT MAIN

WHAT IS <stdio.h>?
<stdio.h> Contains function prototypes for the standard input/output library functions,
and information used by them.

WHAT IS PROTOTYPE
In computer programming, a function prototype or function interface is a declaration of a function that specifies the function's name and type signature (arity, parameter types, and return type), but omits the function body. The term is particularly used in C, C++, and PHP.

 WHY IS VOID MAIN USED
 Actually, 'main' is the parent function of all the functions in C. If we don't need any return value we use return type 'void'. We can also use ' int' as a return type. After all 'main()' is also a function, there is a flexibility of mentioning return type to it by user.
 
 WHAT IS BLOCK
  This pair of braces and the portion of the program between
the braces is called a block

WHY IS BLOCK USED
The block is an important program unit in C.

 The entire line, including printf, its argument within the parentheses
and the semicolon (;), is called a statement

t. Every statement must end with a semicolon
(also known as the statement terminator). 


that the characters \n were not printed on the screen. The backslash (\) is called an escape
character. It indicates that printf is supposed to do something out of the ordinary. When
encountering a backslash in a string, the compiler looks ahead at the next character and
combines it with the backslash to form an escape sequence. The escape sequence \n means
newline. 
